feat: add service account roles/rolebinding to operator helm chart (#480)
dask/dask-kubernetes: doc/source/operator.rst

   kube-system   dask-kubernetes-operator-775b8bbbd5-zdrf7   1/1     Running   0          74s

Installing the operator with Helm
---------------------------------

Along with a set of kubernetes manifests, the operator has a basic Helm chart which can be used to manage the installation of the operator.

> The chart is published in the ``dask/helm-charts`` repository, and can be installed via:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The chart is published in the `Dask Helm repo <https://helm.dask.org>`_ repository, and can be installed via:
```

I don't think folks will care too much about the specific of how the helm deployment works. Rather they will care about where to install it from.

.. code-block:: console

    $ helm repo add dask https://helm.dask.org
    $ helm repo update

>     $ helm install --version 2022.5.0 myrelease dask/dask-kubernetes-operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ helm install myrelease dask/dask-kubernetes-operator
```

Reviewer: I'm going to remove the version pin here to make the docs more evergreen.
